fix(css): update variable font_style examples (#34898)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_fonts/variable_fonts_guide/index.md

}
```

> The `font-style: oblique 0deg` and `font-style: oblique 0deg 20deg` values also indicate the font has normal glyphs.

Reviewer: We should keep the example, but explain that example better, perhaps something like: 

```suggestion
In this case, the `oblique 0deg 20deg` indicates that this font file should be used when the `font-family` property is `MyVariableFontName` and the font-style property is `normal, `oblique` (either without an angle or with a positive angle up to `20deg`), or `italic`. The presence of the `0deg` in the `font-style` descriptor indicates the font has normal, upright glyphs.
```
I think oblique with no angle resolves to 14deg, while italic is between 8deg and 12deg, which we could add, with the 8-12 maybe being more relevant on line 196.

Author: The topic is really confusing, I think the example is wrong. From my [testing](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/play?id=PmCzfCIYmmmfDVUKtg3iOHfHx2WoPqzr%2FpUymO29zg8MKMAyvfhXzPl6IwHeUHg7NgaVjQG%2BRPXw%2Bfus) `oblique 0deg 20deg` doesn't match `italics` or plain `oblique`.  There is a difference between an "exact match" and "fall back to match"(if no exact match is available). [[ref](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-fonts/#ex-ascending-italic)]
